Input
    In detail, what are the inputs to this program?
        PP7-5: The input is just a singular directory to a text file.
        PP7-6: The input is within console as py find.py {word} {input}
    How will you validate the input?
        PP7-5: Invalid input would essentially call a File-Not-Found error exception.
        PP7-6: Invalid input would raise an exception caught at the try,except block, reseting the program.
    Pseudocode: Briefly explain how this section will look.
        PP7-5: N/a
        PP7-6: if word is empty, then raise an exception. If there is any other problems with input, then raise another exception.
Processing
    What does this program calculate?
        PP7-5: The program would count each word, line and character and then outputs to screen.
        PP7-6: The program would print out every line containing the word given in every input file.
    Can you divide the calculations to the smaller “modules”?
        No, none of these can be divided smaller modules.
    Pseudocode: Briefly explain how this(these) section(s) will look. 
        PP7-5: open the file, then for every line, count 1 for the line, split the line by each space, then count each word
                And then count each alphabet character.
        PP7-6: Open the files, take a word in and then split the line into words. Check the list if there is the word,
                syntax sensitive, then print the line if it contains it.
Output
    What will this program display?
        PP7-5: the amount of lines, words, and characters in a text file.
        PP7-6: The line containing a desired word.
    How will the output be formatted?
        PP7-5: Line: #oflines, etc.
        PP7-6: name of the file, followed by the line.
    Pseudocode: Briefly explain how this section will look.
        PP7-5: print statement with an fstring printing each variable.
        PP7-6: print statement in a forloop for each line.
Variables
    What variables will this program require?
        PP7-5: a counter variable for each section. Line, Word, Character.
        PP7-6: A variable to hold the word, and a list to hold every file name.
    How will you create variable names that are descriptive and conventionally styled?
        Both: I labeled variable names that are straight and to the point.
    Are there constant variables? How will you name them?
        N/a
    Which variables need to be reset if the user wants to repeat the program?
        N/a