Input:
    In detail, what are the inputs to this program?
        There are no inputs for this specfic program. What this code does is simulate the situation of the Monty Hall Paradox.
    How will you validate the input?
        There are no inputs to validate for this program.
    Pseudocode: Briefly explain how this section will look.
        N/A
Processing:
    What does this program calculate?
        This code processess the likely-hood of either switching your choice or staying with your initial choice would 
        win you the prize.
    Can you divide the calculations to the smaller “modules”?
        This program itself is a small module in which that the processing is done within a few conditional statements.
    Pseudocode: Briefly explain how this(these) section(s) will look. 
        Generate two random values from 0-2
        Check Whether or not the two values match.
        If so, then add one to the tracker that is dedicated to Strategy two.
        If not, then add one to the tracker that is dedicated to Strategy one.
        Repeat this a number of times to lower the error percentage to a minimal amount. [Near Zero]
        Then, divide both trackers by the amount of tests, to the 4 significant figures.
Output:
    What will this program display?
        It shows the gathered raw data first, then shows the percentage out of the total amount of tests
        of each strategy's success rate.
    How will the output be formatted?
        It will be formatted generally simply, by labeling each value.
    Pseudocode: Briefly explain how this section will look.
        Print out the raw data.
        Then Print out the Percentage Win rate.
Variables:
    What variables will this program require?
        We will need a Tuple that will contain 3 boolean values, two variables to store two random values from 0 to 2, 
        and two trackers for the wins each strategy obtains.
    How will you create variable names that are descriptive and conventionally styled?
        They will be labeled in a minimalistic style, very direct and clear of what they are used for. 
    Are there constant variables? How will you name them?
        There are no constant variables in this program.
    Which variables need to be reset if the user wants to repeat the program?
        The variables reset themselves as the program runs and ends. The Tuple and the two random values are reset 
        after each run of the internal simulation. This repeats to a set number. {10,000}